
* **Can I still do manual branches and merges when I use git-flow?**  
  Of course you can. `git-flow` does not forbid you to keep using vanilla Git commands!
  
  So if you want to merge `master` into `develop` for whatever reason you want
  to, you can safely do so without breaking `git-flow` compatibility.  Do you
  want to manually merge a feature branch X into another feature branch Y?  Not
  a problem.  As long as you do it conciously and realize what this means for
  finishing those branches later on.
  
* **Why does git-describe not work for me?**  
  When finishing release and hotfix branches, that branch's HEAD is first
  merged into `master` and then into `develop`.  It is not the resulting new
  merge commit from `master` that is merged back into `develop`.  This means
  that a linear path from the new `develop` branch to the new `master` commit
  is not created.  Even worse, a linear path is created from the new `develop`
  branch to the *previous* `master` commit.  Although unintended, this is
  simply an effect of using the current branching rules.
  
  When using `git-describe` in these cases, you can get very confusing and
  misleading results, since `git-describe` scans the current commits linear
  history for the most recent tag it finds, which will always be the *previous*
  tag.
  
  I will change this behaviour in the next version of the branching model
  explicitly and I will include this behavioural change in the first version of
  the Python rewrite.
  
  For more references to this problem, see:
  
  - Issue [#49](http://github.com/nvie/gitflow/issues/49)
  - These
  	[two](http://groups.google.com/group/gitflow-users/browse\_thread/thread/9920a7df3d1c4908/0bb18a0bf7275ad6#0bb18a0bf7275ad6)
  	[discussions](http://groups.google.com/group/gitflow-users/browse\_thread/thread/19efac724bb6418a)
	on the [git-flow-users](http://groups.google.com/group/gitflow-users)
	mailinglist.
  
* **Can I use it with Windows?**  
  There have been reports of Windows users using `git-flow`.
  <del>Un</del>fortunately, I have no Windows environment to test it on, but
  this [issue](http://github.com/nvie/gitflow/issues/issue/25) should be
  helpful in setting it up.
  